1. Which of the following key resides on all stations as in AP and client devices in a 4-way handshake?

Pairwise Transient Key 

Pairwise Master Key

Group Master Key

Group Temporal Key


2. Which of the following is not the benefit of the cloud if you chose Platform as a service?
Management of Middleware

All of the mentioned options 

Management of Data

Management of Runtime



3. Which of the following benefits of cloud makes it easy for a company with a rapid movement to keep the entire system fully functional?
Reliability 

Collaboration

Automatic Software Integration

Quick Deployment


4. Which of the following payment options is best suited for small businesses in cloud?
pay-as-you-go 

pay-and-use

pay-per-use

None of the mentioned options


Which of the following is correct based on the below statements?A. Clouds offer limited data storage capacity to users.B. Clouds offer unlimited data storage capacity to users.C. In both data center and cloud, there is a third party involved in managing data but the cloud has more data theft.D. In both data center and cloud, there is a third party involved in managing data but the data center has more data theft.Choose the correct answer from the options given below.
Only A and D 

Only B and C

Only B and D

Only A and C


6. Consider the given steps and choose the option that shows the correct sequence of a metamorphic virus?A. Analyzing of code by Code AnalyzerB. Conversion of the newly produced mutated assembly code of the virus into the machineC. Virus finds the location of its code.D. Transformation of CodeE. Convert the code into assembly instruction binary code
ECDBA

ECDAB

CEADB 

CDABC


Consider the EAP-based 4-way handshake (with WPA/WPA2). Out of the parameters mentioned below, which is/are used to calculate the session keys?A. Anonce (Anonce is a random number generated by an access point (authenticator))B. Message Integration Code C. Pairwise Master KeyD. MAC addresses of AuthenticatorE. MAC addresses of Supplicant
Only A, C, D, and E

Only A, B, and C





Only D and E

Only A and B



8. Which of the following is the correct order of activities that happens during the connection of the SSH client and SSH server?A. SSH Server Sends server public key to SSH client.B. Negotiation of parameters and open a secure channel between client and server.C. Client contacts the server to create a connection.D. User login to server host Operating System.
ABCD

ACBD

CBAD

CABD


9. The XML-based and macro-ended file format for Excel 2007-2013 which stores VBA macro code or Excel 4.0 macro sheets should be saved with which extension?  
.xlsm

.xlsx

.xlsb

.xltx



Which of the following functions will help to find the number of working days between two calendar dates?
Business days 

Networkdays

Days

None of the mentioned options


Which of the following groups is not present under the Insert tab in MS-Excel? 
Charts 

Text

Sort & Filter

Tables


What is the difference between a Trojan and a Virus? 
A Virus replicates itself while a Trojan does not

They are different names for the same thing

None of the mentioned options

A Virus starts as a Trojan and spreads later



Which of the following functions is used to create a drop-down box in selected cells?
Data > Conditional Formatting 

Data > Data Validation

Pivot Table

Data > Filter




Which of the following functions are provided by an Antivirus software?

1. It scans the directories or specific files for any malicious pattern and indicates the presence of malicious software
2. It allows users to schedule scans so that they run automatically
3. If it detects any malicious software, it removes them

Choose the correct answer from the options given below.  
Only 1 

Only 1, 2 and 3

Only 1 and 2

Only 3





Using which of the following sites, users can interact with each other through messages?
SnapChat 

Gmail

All of the mentioned options

Facebook



Which of the following software applications allows a user to view a webpage? 
Notepad 

Adobe Acrobat

Google Drive

Internet Explorer



Consider the given URL: http://www.abc.org/rfc/rfc123.txt

“Http” of the given URL is called:
Subdomain 

Folder

Host

Protocol



Tenzin is having a presentation in his school. He is using MS Powerpoint to build up his presentation. To make his presentation look attractive, he is looking to add some of the file formats to his PowerPoint shows.

I. XPS
II. JPG
III. THMX
IV. PPA

The file formats that he won’t be able to add among the above file formats are: 
  
None of the mentioned options 

III

II & IV 

III & IV



Vihan made a Powerpoint presentation for his college project and submitted it to his mentor for review. His mentor told him that he has made some changes and has left some comments for him.

Which of the following things Vihan cannot do to this ppt now?  
None of the mentioned options 

He cannot merge his own ppt with the ppt shared by his mentor

He cannot roll-back the changes made by his mentor

He cannot review the changes with respect to the comments left



Which of the following statements is correct?

1. Colour and Pattern used to fill a closed shape is called WordArt
2. Menu bar is located below the title bar
3. The Select object browser button is located below the vertical scroll bar
4. The thesaurus tool finds Synonyms and antonyms
Choose the correct answer from the options given below. 
Only 1 & 2

Only 2 & 3

Only 1 & 4

Only 2, 3 & 4



